# Branding

## Feel

### Characteristics

* Like the industry itself, goldfish evolves
* We tout "3 is the new 30", our product is concise
* Our solutions are device, market and platform agnostic

### Experience

* Our brand logo, copy, content and assets work over any and all treatments, a/b testing environments and colors/palettes.
* Our copy and UX is concise and minimals
* Our websites and prototypes respond to maximum device and platform compatibility

## Direction

### Adaptability

* To target our first characteristic, we can kill two birds with one stone.
	1. As any ad-agency should be prepared to execute A/B tests on our site. Provided MVP includes analytics, we should test at least 3 treatments in our initial release, automating rotation in AWS.
	2. Every year there is a new trend. 2017-2018 is the year of the "Retro" look (Stranger Things), next year (2018-2019) to be determined by current events and the entertainment industry. We can have website where-in the Logo, Header, Footer, Menu, Overlays, Posts (case studies) can work on any treatment (background/color palette), given slight adjustments to a configuration for each type. 
	3. (Optional**) We can also tackle at sharing our technology via GitHub. Our AWS stack, our A/B templating engine, these could be some more case studies down the line.

### Concise
* This is a conversation that requires revisiting, like our tag line "3 is the new 30", all copy on our site should be absolutely concise.
* Areas that use imagery, will be followed by short and welcoming header text. Any posts or case studies should pass the Hemingway test, or at a 5th grade reading level.

### Agnostic
* Our website should be responsive across all devices and platforms, content, keywords and resolution should be optimized for:
	* TV's
	* Desktop
	* Tablet
	* Mobile
	* Watch
	* Big motherfuckin' digital billboards
