# Scope of Work - GoldFish v2 Website

## MVP

### Release Includes

1. Up to 3 case studies
2. Up to 3 posts
3. Markdown editor or Hosted blogging service
4. Single Page Web App
	1. Containerized in Docker
	2. Hosted on AWS
	3. Uses a build tool
	4. Automated tests
5. Analytics for all pages (Not SEO)

### Design and Revisions

The design components are allotted a maximum of 2 revisions for each category. This means, in a chronological order, Branding, UX/Wireframes, Fonts/Palettes, Logos and Copy can each receive up to 2 revisions.

We will start with a mobile-first approach at the design. After revision or approval, we will move forward and design the user experience for the remaining viewports.

#### Branding

See [branding](./Branding_11222017.md) document. 

#### UX/Wireframes

Experience the mobile-first design with [Invision](https://invis.io/N2EM88BVF).

See [wireframes](./Wireframes_11222017.md) document for trace documents.

#### Logo Treatments

Up to 2 revisions are covered. There are a couple of ideas suggested, see [logos and treatments](./Logos_Treatments_11222017.md) document. Initial draft does not count as a revision.

### Delivery and Regressions

The technology is allowed only one revision. If it does not function according to the acceptance criteria, defined after the first revision, then the revision does not count. Revisions include implementations to technology that are not in the scope of the acceptance criteria. Revisions do not include bug fixes to scoped functionality.

## Schedule

This will be managed and converted to a spreadsheet. 

**(*)** = Conditional

| Date | Task |
| --- | --- |
| 11/23/2017 | Deliver First Draft of SOW, Design Treatments and consulting on next steps. |
| 11/27/2017 | Client Review Complete |
| TBD | First Revision |
| TBD | First Client Review |
| TBD | (*) Define acceptance criteria |
| TBD | (*) Define delivery schedule |
| TBD | (*) Second Revision |
| TBD | (*) Second Client Review |
| TBD | (*) Final Review |